hi guys the exciting movies channel is
with you before we start warning
spoilers ahead the title of the film
will be at the end of the video enjoy
your viewing
the film begins with a woman lying in
bed her name is samantha she has an anus
for a mouth and a mouth for an anus
she usually lives alone because she has
an abnormality in her mouth
later she decides to go to a restaurant
without a mask to show herself
there the waitress laughs at her when
she wants to order food
inside she is very sad because she also
wants to have a normal mouth
she previously uploaded her photo to
instagram but instagram decided to
remove her photo because it does not
comply with community guidelines
after that the waiter serves warm soup
to her it turns out that in order to eat
she must use a funnel she puts the end
of the funnel into her mouth which is
where her anus should be
she pours soup into the funnel to
satisfy her hunger when she wants to go
home she is suddenly approached by
bullies with strange hairstyles
they start to insult her because of the
abnormality on her face
fortunately she manages to get in the
car and leave the hooligans
halfway through she runs into someone
she hasn't even seen the scene shifts to
a teenager named christian he developed
an identity disorder of body integrity
due to his fantasies of a father who
abandoned him at birth
the only thing he knows about his father
is that he has a mermaid tattoo
he actually has a normal body but due to
his mermaid fantasies he does not
believe that his legs are his and he
wants to become a mermaid in real life
he often spends time in a wheelchair so
he doesn't need to use his legs
as a result his mother brings him to a
therapist to talk about his condition
during the session he gets into a bitter
argument with his mother
she pulls him out of the wheelchair so
he bleeds she then pulls his pants down
in front of the therapist revealing a
bunch of scars and wounds
it turns out that all this time he often
mutilates his legs with a blade
feeling humiliated he pulls on his pants
and runs away he's so upset doesn't know
how to get rid of his legs but finally
gets the idea
soon he decides to lie down on the road
and allows a passing car to run over his
legs
it is evident from this time that the
person who moves his legs was samantha
because of this he looks at samantha and
smiles at her
she is clearly shocked by the incident
this is the first time christian feels
free and also the last time he dies from
these injuries
moreover samantha who accidentally
killed christian feels guilty when she
returns home she even ignores her
father's question and prefers to reflect
in her room
she celebrates her birthday with her
father because only he accepts her
condition
her dad brings her a birthday cake first
and at the end she blows out the candles
while they are eating they have the tv
on and they see on the news that a
teenager was hit by a car and the man
just drove away
her father says it's really disgusting
that some people do such a terrible
thing
he unknowingly insults samantha's
feelings he then gives samantha a
unicorn mask for her birthday so she can
hide her abnormal face
meanwhile samantha disappointed with the
gift decides to leave her home
she is later cornered again by previous
bullies and they want to rape her
immediately
samantha responds by biting the man's
genitals until he starts screaming and
she manages to escape again
feeling that her hope is running out and
she has no reason to live she heads for
the bridge
as soon as she is about to jump she
suddenly loses consciousness
in another scene there is a normal man
ernesto who masturbates using a photo of
his girlfriend
his girlfriend is also with an unusual
appearance soon after his mother enters
the room and sees what he is doing now
knowing this she immediately has a panic
attack and says that she is disappointed
in him because he loves a woman with
disabilities
as a result he was kicked out of the
house he then decides to live with his
girlfriend anna unfortunately she is
currently having an affair with another
guy named guillermo who was a burn
victim
we are shown that they are having a good
time together and anna just wants to
find someone who loves her for who she
is
it looks like guillermo is just agreeing
to her because he is a burn victim and
ernesto is dating anna because he has a
strange fetish for ugly people
at the end guillermo asks her to
immediately break off relations with
ernesto and apparently she agrees with
this
soon she invites ernesto to dine
together there ernesto tells her that he
was kicked out of the house because of
his fey asterisk tish to love ugly girls
thus he confesses to anna that he loves
her physical disabilities that she only
makes her angry and she is even more
convinced to part with him they
eventually part and anna gives him some
money so he can live on the street
feeling depressed ernesto intends to
commit suicide however he is distracted
by the ringing of the nearest phone
it turns out that samantha's cell phone
is called by her father
ernesto picks up his cell phone and
accidentally sees samantha's face
samantha wakes up and begs him not to
hurt her obviously he doesn't want to
hurt her because he likes her face
instead he picks up the phone to take
samantha home samantha ends up falling
in love with ernesto for his kindness
and vice versa
oddly enough they kiss each other and
finally find their happiness
at the end of the film christian is now
happy because he finally lives like a
mermaid in the afterlife
today i talked about a spanish drama
with an unusual plot called skins
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and like to help
the channel thanks for watching
[Music]